--Version 1.0 features
1.Authentication and authorization 
If the login system is designed so that we only register a team, 
we may have a problem with the same user in two or more teams, 
we will prevent this by going around the matches at the beginning of the tournament 
and writing down the ID cards of the players, and during the further tournament we will randomly 
attend matches and check. Same players must play through all tournament.
2. Players send a registration message by phone to a specific number in the form:
     -> Team name
     -> A place represented by your team
     -> Player names 
     -> Main contact phone number (if you do not put this we will consider this one 
        by default)
3. SuperAdmin menu
     -> Approves the team
     -> CRUD operations on all tables
     -> Opening new event, SuperAdmin have full control over the event
     -> Think if we need support Admin role
4.Event 
  4.1 The administrator sets the start and end time of the event
  4.2 When the time of the event starts, a new options for event 
      opens up to the teams:
                            !!! Is it legal to display user phone number in the application? !!!
                            
                            The main feature is the "AGREEMENT ROOM", it's not the usual chat room like in the messaging applications like WhatsApp, Viber...
                            This chat room serves for teams to communicate with each other and reach an agreement when and where they want to meet and play.
                            A maximum of three teams can be in the chat room (the following document explains why)
                            "agreement room" will have only 4 functionalities in it:
                                 I> A team can send challenge to another team in the form of:
                                      -Place
                                      -Time
                                      -Date
                                 II> They respond only by suggesting another place, time or date (by changing the form that informs
                                     the other teams, until the appointment is mutually approved)
                                III> They can send their phone number in chat room (thus they can achieve a higher level of communication)
                                 IV> Leave chat room (they hereby give the opportunity to other available teams to enter the chat room if the 
                                 conditions do not suit them)
                             
                            CHAT ROOM options in main menu:
                                 1> Challenge other team
                                 2> Your team is challenged (info warrnig)    
                                 3> Your challenges
                                 4> Open challenges 

  4.3 When the teams are agreed and meet on the basketball court, the captains should scan the QR code that will be somewhere 
     on the basketball court. Each scan gives an insight into which team is currently on the court. Challenge cannot start if 3 
     teams do not scan the QR code (this is necessary for regularity).After the end of the game, the captains enter which team
     won (they cannot use the application if they have not marked the winner before).
  4.3 Teams have a time period for which they should play matches, after that time the 
       event stops and points are calculated who reached the top 10, IF some teams have 
       the same score and not all of them are in the top 10, the event will be restarted 
       but only for those teams that have the same score and they will have a couple of 
       days to play the match between themselves and whoever wins enters the top 10, this
       principle will be repeated until all the teams in the top 10 are established (if this happens the organizers must be present)
      
5.Reports, each team can submit a report. For now teams can call and report team.

--Future versions

1. Inivite system, steps on how the user will form a team(due to future versions): 
   1> In the right corner of the screen, the user will have a message
      "wait for approval", when the administrator approves, the option 
      "be part of the team" will pop up for the user, 
      this option will exist until the event starts
   2> When the user clicks on that option, a drop-down menu appears where the
      user has 2 more options, create a team and join the team (where they will 
      receive a call from a team that has already been created)
